APM metrics filters (#629)
mendix/cf-mendix-buildpack: README.md

cf set-env <YOUR_APP> LOG_RATELIMIT '1000'
```

### Custom Runtime Metrics filtering

For the third-party integrations explained above, in addition to the metrics collected by the agents, custom runtime metrics are provided via telegraf.
This configuration also has a filtering mechanism that allows users to specify metrics they allow or deny for the vendor they are using.

> To be able to filter the emission of custom runtime metrics, users should provide list of prefixes of metrics they need to allow/deny using the environment variables listed below.

Reviewer: "To filter the emission of custom runtime metrics, users should provide a list of prefixes of the metrics they want to allow/deny using the environment variables listed below."

Just a minor rewriting.

Author: updated

> Note: Custom database metrics cannot be filtered by name, to turn them off `APPMETRICS_INCLUDE_DB` environment variable should be set to false. 

Reviewer: "Note: Custom database metrics cannot be filtered by name, to turn them off, the `APPMETRICS_INCLUDE_DB` environment variable should be set to false."

Just a minor rewriting.

Author: updated

#### APM_METRICS_FILTER_DENY

List of prefixes for the metrics to be denied. 

> For example to deny all metrics starting with **jetty** or **mx.runtime** the env var should be set to `jetty,mx.runtime`.

Reviewer: "For example, to deny all metrics starting with **jetty** or **mx.runtime**, the environment variable should be set to `jetty,mx.runtime`."

Just a minor rewriting.

Author: updated

> To deny all the custom metrics, the environment variable should be set without any value.

Author: added

> #### APM_METRICS_FILTER_ALLOW

Author: added

> List of prefixes for the metrics to be allowed. By default, all metrics are allowed even if they are not specified via this env var, so it makes sense to use this environment variable in combination with the `APM_METRICS_FILTER_DENY`.

Reviewer: "List of prefixes for the metrics to be allowed. By default, all metrics are allowed, even if they are not specified via this env var, so it makes sense to use this environment variable in combination with the `APM_METRICS_FILTER_DENY`."

Just a minor rewriting.

Author: updated

> For example to deny all metrics except the session metrics, `APM_METRICS_FILTER_DENY` should be used without any value as explained before and `APM_METRICS_FILTER_ALLOW` should be set to `mx.runtime.stats.sessions`.

Reviewer: "For example, to deny all metrics except the session metrics, `APM_METRICS_FILTER_DENY` should be used without any value as explained before, and `APM_METRICS_FILTER_ALLOW` should be set to `mx.runtime.stats.sessions`."

Just a minor rewriting.

Author: updated

For the third-party integrations explained above, in addition to the metrics collected by the agents, custom runtime metrics are provided via telegraf.
This configuration also has a filtering mechanism that allows users to specify metrics they allow or deny for the vendor they are using.

> To filter the ingestion of custom runtime metrics to third party APMs, users should provide a list of prefixes of the metrics they want to allow/deny using the environment variables listed below.

Reviewer 2: 💯 Yeah emission for some reason didn't sound right. This is good.

Note: Custom database metrics cannot be filtered by name, to turn them off, the `APPMETRICS_INCLUDE_DB` environment variable should be set to false. 

#### APM_METRICS_FILTER_ALLOW

> List of prefixes for the metrics to be allowed. By default, all metrics are allowed, even if they are not specified via this env var.

Reviewer 2: Let's rephrase it to
```suggestion
Comma-separated list of prefixes for the metrics to be allowed. By default, all metrics are allowed, even if they are not specified via this env var.
```

> For example, to deny all metrics except the session metrics, `APM_METRICS_FILTER_ALLOW` should be set to `mx.runtime.stats.sessions`:

Reviewer 2: As we're in the `ALLOW` section, let's rephrase it to
```suggestion
For example, to allow only the session metrics, `APM_METRICS_FILTER_ALLOW` should be set to `mx.runtime.stats.sessions`:
```

Author: applied

```shell
cf set-env <YOUR_APP> APM_METRICS_FILTER_ALLOW 'mx.runtime.stats.sessions'
```

#### APM_METRICS_FILTER_DENY

> List of prefixes for the metrics to be denied. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Comma-separated list of prefixes for the metrics to be denied. 
```

Author: applied

cf set-env <YOUR_APP> APM_METRICS_FILTER_DENY 'jetty,mx.runtime'
```

#### APM_METRICS_FILTER_DENY_ALL

If this environment variable is set to `true`, all metrics will be denied regardless of values of `APM_METRICS_FILTER_ALLOW` and `APM_METRICS_FILTER_DENY`. 

Be aware that `APPMETRICS_INCLUDE_DB` still needs to be set to false to turn off the database metrics.

```shell

> cf set-env <YOUR_APP> APM_METRICS_FILTER_DENY 'jetty,mx.runtime'

Author: updated
